hi I'm Jana and I'm a fashion designer
and a fashion obsession teacher from
Romania
how to draw a body after photography
start by drawing the head
don't forget the size of the head enters
seven and a half the height of the body
draw the axis like you already are used
to if the axis of the shoulder goes up
the one of the hips goes down
this means all the weight is supported
by the leg from the left part meaning
her right leg
we'll skip the primer shapes because we
are now advanced plus the thing that we
started to draw our sketch after a photo
and this means you will have to reduce a
lot of lines in order to draw the
essential the costume
now take your watercolors and start
adding the layer start from the upper
part because otherwise if you start from
the bottom you will leave traces with
your hands use soft colors and add more
layers on these areas where you want the
contrast to me
you can interpretate the photo the photo
is meant to inspire you so there is no
need to use the same colors or details
for your painting
if your custom is white or fade in color
you can add more contrast or color to
your background
also you can underline the shadow by
using a strong bold line that you can do
in marker or pencil
and that's it phew Thursday as always
please press thumbs up if like this
video and you want more like it also
feel free to share it to your social
network and post my new videos each
Thursday so don't forget to subscribe I
will do my best to answer to other
comments so exhales if you want and feel
free to be any suggestions for future
videos all are taken into consideration
for more info just visit my website
www.marykay.co.uk/awilliam visit